Edited the code for the d3 basic guide (#12)
googledatastudio/community-visualizations: docs/d3basic/README.md

# Using external visualization libraries 

This code is the end result of the [external visualizations tutorial](https://developers.google.com/datastudio/visualization/external-libraries).

> The [src](./src) filder contains the files needed for the visualization. To deploy the code, run the build script with with a GCP bucket path and the location of `d3.jin.js` as parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [src](./src) folder contains the files needed for the visualization. To deploy the code, run the build script with with a GCP bucket path and the location of `d3.min.js` as parameters.
```

Author: Done
